Technically, I should only have 1 warn, but the first time I grinded xp (to reach Lmay's level) I got 2 warns. Since that moment, all my xp was legit btw. After that, Periball decided to exploit the mee6 xp system and grind up all the way to rank #1, and a mod thought it was me since I had spammed to get xp beforehand, and since the rank checking was made in a private thread with me and Lmay, they cleared both our xp (even if legit). Before that, I had made multiple random private threads since one day I was bored. Has nothing to do with the story but mods also found that suspicious because they thought I was secretly grinding xp again. However, in one of the private channels, there was a single picture of furry inflation (included in this message, as spoiler), but again, they were private threads and that picture was still sfw. However, at one point, Cookiaria became moderator and that's when things started to go downhill rapidly. Before getting banned, the previous night, since I was extremely tired, I guess my brain just shat off and left everything open, and at that time the keyboard extremely near the stairs of my bunkbed (which is also extremely sensitive) was on (I unplugged it since then). Probably during the night, while going up or down the stairs, he touched the (unstable) platform which moved my keyboard, triggering some keys including the 9 key which turns the xp macro I was using at the time if MacroGamer is opened. Since nothing was closed and Discord was the app in foreground, that wouldof started the xp grinding and it doesn't help that the current channel was a private thread with only 1 message in it. Seeing all the messages deleted, Cookiaria came and timed me out. Nothing bad for now. However, I then got banned despite having 2 warnings and a wholesome message history. I then went in Cookiaria's dms asking what had happened and the reply was

"i later found out you made a lot of threads including the """""sfw""""" suggestive one 
after many things that other mods told me, we decided to ban you
hope you understand and change your ways"

which I then replied with "Change? how could I even be better" and then got ghosted (that question still hasn't been answered btw)

In the chat, people started to realise that I was banned and were asking the reason why (because like I said, I had a wholesome chat history) but then Cookiaria came and started to exagerate the situation saying how I posted several images of furry inflation (without context) and how I was constantly abusing xp and how I was using PreMiD and people started to hate me because "how can someone be so selffish" and "what's even the purpose of going above level 20". Then, later during the day (btw I wasn't even there during all of that, I just checked the history several days after it happened and when I was able to infiltrate during the massive join wave), more people started to realise I was banned and asked what had happened again and other members were explaining, which led to more hate. (however, I do have to thanks Nathan S. and Frapples for semi-correctly explaining what had happened despice some stuff still being wrong (they didn't exagerate unlike what Cookiaria had done (but that still had done the damage))).

Also, I don't remember when, my friend Black_symbiote got banned without warning because he asked why I was banned without having any other previous messages (I wasn't even aware of that before he told me)

Several weeks after that, I made another account so I could still kinda see what's going on at times and look at the art and fanart (that's how I discovered you recently joined btw).
Even more weeks after that, another drama happened which was ironically caused by me wanting to go in bed (it was 4am and I had a job interview the ~~next~~ same day). I was just trying to find more of Cookiaria's art since I absolutely adore it (so goddamn cute :mSqueee:), when I found her Twitter. I then started to scroll down, liking everything because like I said, I love her art. Then, after finishing and wanting to actually hop in bed, I randomly opened the Discord account with mint nation to see chat, and then saw Cookiaria's messages about how I was stalking her and that I was a creep and telling me that she knows I'm watching the chat (I wasn't at that time) and that she was shaking and that she'd block me everywhere. Then, litteral seconds after seeing that, she indeed blocks me everywhere. Chatting in DMs with Lmay, I send a screenshot of that conversation without really seeing (my eyes were litterally closing), but moments later, she then dms me "can you actually stop stalking the hell out of me what the hell is wrong with you" and I realise that I had sent the screenshot to Cookiaria and not Lmay, sparking even more drama. I then talked in DMs with Lmay and asked him to send a screenshot of our conversation reexplaining the things I'm explaining to you right now to the server on my behalf since I still did not have any words on the situation yet. He then refuses, stating that he and I have no defense. I insisted that he does it anyways, but he kept refusing, despite it being my words and not his. So, to this day, I had no public words on the situation and the only one that knows what truly happened is Lmay, maybe Cookiaria (idk) and now you.

oof

quotes are actual messages btw, that's why they're in quotes